Finally, here's the first complete program. It starts by printing a string, and 
then the date, using the Date class from the Java standard library. 
At the beginning of each program file, you must place any necessary import 
statements to bring in extra classes you'll need for the code in that file. Note 
that 1 say "extra." That's because there's a certain library of classes that are 
automatically brought into every Java file: java.lang. Start up your Web 
browser and look at the documentation from Sun. (If you haven't downloaded 
the JDK documentation from http://java.sun.com, do so now.6 Note that this 
documentation doesn't come packed with the JDK; you must do a separate 
download to get it.) If you look at the list of the packages, you'll see all the 
different class libraries that come with Java. Select java.lang. This will bring 
up a list of all the classes that are part of that library. Since java.lang is 
implicitly included in every Java code file, these classes are automatically 
available. There's no Date class listed in java.lang, which means you must 
import another library to use that. If you don't know the library where a 
particular class is, or if you want to see all of the classes, you can select "Tree" 
in the Java documentation. Now you can find every single class that comes 
with Java. Then you can use the browser's "find" function to find Date. When 
you do you'll see it listed as java.util.Date, which lets you know that it's in 
the util library and that you must import java.util. * in order to use Date. 
If you go back to the beginning, select java.lang and then System, you'll see 
that the System class has several fields, and if you select out, you'll discover 
that it's a static PrintStream object. Since it's static, you don't need to 
create anything with new. The out object is always there, and you can just 
use it. What you can do with this out object is determined by its type: 
PrintStream. Conveniently, PrintStream is shown in the description as a 
hyperlink, so if you click on that, you'll see a list of all the methods you can 
call for PrintStream. There are quite a few, and these will be covered later 
in the book. For now all we're interested in is println(), which in effect 
means "Print what I'm giving you out to the console and end with a newline."